all right so Samsung just announced
three new galaxy as 20 phones the s20
regular the s 20 plus and the s 20 ultra
and I was able to spend a little bit of
time with all three of these and this
video will talk about the differences
between them and as well as like my
overall thoughts on all three of these
phones so this year the focus of the new
S 20 series is definitely the camera
system so this here is the s10 and
you'll notice right away the difference
between this phone and the s 20s is the
back camera modules the new as 20 phones
have them positioned over to the left
instead of being right in the center
like this and they're just a completely
brand new camera system so starting at
the bottom the s20 has a triple camera
setup and the main feature here is that
64 megapixel sensor which is a lot more
megapixels than what the s10 offered
this was a 16 megapixel sensor so it's a
huge jump in terms of megapixel count
and that sensor is for the zoom lens the
s20 plus has the same triple camera
setup but there's a fourth lens a time
of flight lens or time flight sensor and
that's for augmented reality or any kind
of depth sensing software so stuff like
portrait mode photography can take
advantage of a time-of-flight sensor but
the main actual optical lenses for the
s20 plus is going to be the same as the
s20 but the big boy phone that as tony
ultra is going to have the most robust
camera system of the three and it has a
slightly different camera system
altogether this thing has the 108
megapixel sensor but it's for the
regular lens not the zoom lens or the
ultra wide now all three of these phones
have a very improved camera system
compared to the previous generation but
the thing that they're talking about the
most is the zoom the regular S 20 and
the S 20 plus have a 30x zoom the s 20
ultra has a 100x zoom which is like that
is freakin insane I've only been able to
spend a little bit of time with these
camera systems and the zooms they're
impressive in a sense that you're able
to zoom quite extensively but the
pictures don't look particularly clean
if you expected like perfect optical
zoom with the stuff you're not going to
get that what you do get is just the
capability to zoom way more than you can
with most other flagships but it's not
like a CSI level zoom now the way that
they're able to achieve this type of
zoom
ability is partially through optics and
the s20 ultra even has that telescoping
lens on the inside but the vast majority
of the zoom is done through digital
processing and the zooms seem to work
reasonably well if the photos have high
enough contrast but if you're shooting
something that's very flat it's tough
for the software to pull out details
properly the camera system the hole
though feels a lot better than what I've
seen from Samsung before I do need to
spend more time with it to give like a
more kind of summarized conclusion but I
do like what I've seen so far one thing
it did notice with the camera system
that was neat the shutter button has
this very unique tactile response so
when you press the shutter button and
this is something that's very difficult
to convey in a video because I'm talking
about a physical feel and this is a
video but when you press that shutter
button you can feel like a motor or
something it almost feels like there's
something sliding up and down inside the
camera it's obviously just something
they're doing with the haptic motor like
there's probably not a moving or sliding
mechanism inside the phone that feels
that pronounced but it feels so cool
when you take these voters it actually
makes it feel like you're taking a
picture with an actual DSLR when there's
actual weight to the decision of
pressing that shutter button the other
main feature with these phones are their
screens are all equipped with 120 Hertz
capable displays which is a very smooth
experience I've talked about it in
previous videos but the one thing that
was interesting is that these devices
are supposedly capped at 1080p if you go
up to 120 Hertz which is a little bit
strange now I don't know if this is just
what the units that we had at the
briefing
maybe the retail models will be able to
go to 1440p 120 Hertz but the units I
saw were capped at 1080p at 120 Hertz
but they look really really nice I mean
it's a Samsung display they do have a
slightly thinner top bezel than what the
s10 had from the previous generation but
the biggest difference for me was
actually the curvature of the glass I
have talked about this and so many of my
videos I've never loved how Samsung
curves their top glass so aggressively
it is a lot better on the s20 there's
still a curve there right if you're
someone that wants that premium vibe to
the phone with that sexy curved glass
it's still there is just not as
pronounced I think they've just done it
in a smarter way like you still have
that curve but you don't have the
accidental touches and accidental swipes
that you get with
overly curved glass the other change on
the screens is that the punchbowl camera
is now in the middle instead of being on
the side like the s10 but they've also
removed the pillow shaped camera so on
the s10 this is the SN plus and the SM
plus it has a pillow shaped camera
because they have two lenses in there
like a wider front facing camera as well
as like a regular front facing they got
rid of it so there's only one camera up
front now but you still get to kind of
focal lengths so you get like a regular
and a wide but I think it's more of a
cropping thing that they're doing
instead of having to actual lenses the
rest of the phone has very much the same
kind of Samsung vibe as you would expect
it's got the glass back it's got the
aluminum frame there is however no
headphone jack in the s20 series it's
gone but I feel like there was a bit of
a trade-off here see what the s20 phones
they have significantly bigger batteries
than what the s10 had so I don't know if
it's related like maybe they could have
bumped up the battery size anyways and
kept the jack but these as xx phones
have almost a 15% increase in battery
size compared to what the s10 phones
offered in terms of the physical size
all of the s20 phones are big the s20
plus is around the same size as the 1
plus 7 pro but the ultra is even bigger
now these phones have crazy hardware in
them they have Snapdragon 860 5s very
powerful processors they have 12 gigs of
RAM they have 128 gigs of storage
expandable storage so the hard work in
the s20 lineup is just beast and they
have 5g connectivity now that's gonna
mean different things to different
people depending on what country you're
from what city you live in not everyone
wants 5g right now but it is available
on the s20 if you're looking for that
type of connectivity in terms of pricing
starts at $9.99 u.s. I'm a little bit
disappointed they don't have a cheaper
version like the s20 II like they have
the s10 last year and said they went for
a more premium lineup with the ultra I
think these phones are awesome they
honestly look really nice on paper but I
think we'll have to wait for the review
to get a more comprehensive look at
these devices hope you guys enjoyed it
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it see you guys next time
[Music]